Add different variants of p-multgrid (#1209)
chaos-polymtl/lethe: doc/source/parameters/cfd/linear_solver_control.rst

  If your coarse-grid level is small enough, it might be worth it for some problems to set ``mg amg use default parameters = true`` to use a direct solver. On the other hand, if high order elements are used, it might be useful to set ``set mg coarse grid use fe q iso q1 = true`` to solve the coarse grid problem using `FE_Q_iso_Q1 elements <https://www.dealii.org/developer/doxygen/deal.II/classFE__Q__iso__Q1.html>`_.

.. tip::
  Evaluating terms involving the hessian is expensive. Therefore, one can turn on or off those terms in the mg level operators to improve performance by setting ``mg enable hessians in jacobian`` to ``false``. This is useful for certain problems and must be used carefully.

> In addition, Lehte also supports `p-multigrid` through the ``gcmg`` preconditioner. It can be used by specifying two additional parameters:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition, Lethe supports `p-multigrid` through the ``gcmg`` preconditioner. It can be used by specifying two additional parameters:
```
